Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.
Referring to him as only "the witness", Amrozi accused his brother of deliberately distorting his evidence.
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.
On June 10, the ship's owners had published an advertisement on the Internet, offering the explosives for sale.
Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.
Tab shares jumped 20 cents, or 4.6%, to set a record closing high at A$4.57.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.
With the scandal hanging over Stewart's company, revenue the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
He said the foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy.
"The foodservice pie business does not fit our long-term growth strategy.
Shares of Genentech, a much larger company with several products on the market, rose more than 2 percent.
Shares of Xoma fell 16 percent in early trade, while shares of Genentech, a much larger company with several products on the market, were up 2 percent.
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March.
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won speedy, House approval in March and was endorsed by the White House.
The Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.
De Sole said in the results statement that group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.
"Saddam's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum -- especially the schools," he told The Sun.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business.
Senior Vice President Eric Rudder, formerly head of the Developer and Platform Evangelism unit, will lead the new entity.
As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
Magnarelli said Racicot hated the Iraqi regime and looked forward to using his long years of training in the war.
His wife said he was "100 percent behind George Bush" and looked forward to using his years of training in the war.
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.
Sheena Young, a spokesman for Child, the national infertility support network, said the proposed guidelines should lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," said Mankiw.
The new Finder puts a user's folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location, providing one-click access.
Panther's redesigned Finder navigation tool puts a user's favourite folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location.
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.
Tropical storm warnings were in place Thursday for Jamaica and Haiti and watches for the western Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos islands.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight; 30 or above is considered obese.
A BMI between 18.5 and 24.9 is considered normal, over 25 is considered overweight and 30 or greater is defined as obese.
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.
But six months ago, the two sides managed to strike a $6.8-billion debt rollover deal, which expires in August.
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.
Simply put, shy invividuals tend to be more timid with new people and situations.
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.
"I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building," Tunick said Sunday.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.
The S&P 500 index was up 1.26, or 0.1 percent, to 1,039.32 after sinking 10.75 yesterday.
Duque will return to Earth Oct. 27 with the station's current crew, U.S. astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko.
Currently living onboard the space station are American astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.
Sub-indexes measuring prices, new orders, inventories and exports increased.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
Earnings per share from recurring operations will be 13 cents to 14 cents.
That beat the company's April earnings forecast of 8 to 9 cents a share.
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel.
After that, he plans to have dinner at Camp Bondsteel with U.S. troops stationed there.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. JCP.N and Walgreen Co. WAG.N kick things off on Monday.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.
Last year, the court ruled 5-4 in an Ohio case that government vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents with choices among a range of religious and secular schools.
He beat testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain.
Armstrong, 31, battled testicular cancer that spread to his brain.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.
The group will be headed by John S. Wolf, an assistant secretary of state who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.
The commission must work out the plan's details, but the average residential customer paying $840 a year would get a savings of about $30 annually.
An average residential customer paying $840 a year for electricity could see a savings of $30 annually.
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.
The company had announced in January that it would have to restate earnings for 2002, 2001 and perhaps 2000.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
"The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."
"The result is an overall package that will provide a significant economic growth for our employees over the next few years," he said.
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.
It has also said it would review all of its domestic employees more than 1 million to ensure they have legal status.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.
The talk, however,has been downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow-accretive.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
While dioxin levels in the environment were up last year, they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s, said Caswell.
The Institute said dioxin levels in the environment have fallen by as much as 76 percent since the 1970s.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.
The plant plans to shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president's appearance, Crosby said.
A former teammate, Carlton Dotson, has been charged with the murder.
His body was found July 25, and former teammate Carlton Dotson has been charged in his shooting death.
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.
Several of the audience questions were new to the candidates as well.
Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
The global death toll from SARS was at least 767, with more than 8,300 people sickened since the virus first appeared in southern China in November.
The battles marked day four of a U.S. sweep to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein's fallen regime.
Twenty-seven Iraqis were killed, pushing the number of opposition deaths to about 100 in a U.S. operation to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein's fallen regime.
The women then had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years.
The women had follow-up examinations in 1974-75, 1980-81 and 1992-93, but were not asked about stress again.
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.
The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company's SmartDefense application, which is included with Firewall-1.
The new application intelligence features will be available June 3 and are included with the SmartDefense product, which comes with FireWall-1.
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.
The downtime is expected to take 60 million to 70 million board feet out of the companys system.
On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Troy faces life in prison without parole at his July 30 sentencing.
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.
The new processor was unveiled at the Intel Developer Forum 2003 in San Jose, Calif.
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.
The document says the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gases to penetrate Columbia's thermal armour during its fatal re-entry.
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."
Also demonstrating box-office strength -- and getting seven Tony nominations -- was a potent revival of Eugene ONeills family drama, Long Days Journey Into Night."
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.
For residents with incomes above $500,000, the income-tax rate will increase to 4.45 percent.
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday.
Secretary of State Colin Powell last week ruled out a non-aggression treaty.
Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
Like many doctors, Mr. Thomas and Mr. Tauzin say the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
Based on experience elsewhere, it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, he added.
U.S. military officials have said it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, based on experiences elsewhere in the world.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society (news - web sites) journal, being published online Monday.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions of Americans, received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday.
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
Bin Laden’s men pointed out that raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov said in Moscow Tuesday a firm date would be fixed by this months end.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.
"Sanitation is poor, drinking water is generally left behind . . . there could be typhoid and cholera."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 128 points, or 1.4%, at 9073, while the Nasdaq fell 34 points, or 2.1%, to 1610.
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 3.90, or 0.04 percent, at 9,113.75, having gained 36.90 on Tuesday.
PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release.
PDC will also almost certainly reignite speculation about release dates of Microsoft's new products.
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted.
It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected.
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.
NEC's pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including healthcare and hospitality, a company spokesman said.
Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.
ELENA Slough, considered to be the oldest person in the US and the third oldest person in the world, has died.
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.
"We have declared war on sexual assault and sexual harassment," Rosa said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault, firing Kalashnikov rifles.
